15
==

*   (improvement) Upgrade to PhpStan v1.0.
*   (internal) Replace TravisCI with CircleCI
*   (internal) Update GitHub Code Owners.


14
==

*   (improvement) PhpCsFixer will no longer change the `==` operator into `===`. PHPStan now marks usages of `==` as errors,
    but in the few cases where such usage is valid, it can be overridden with a comment in the code. 
*   (improvement) Classes ending in `Test` will no longer be marked final by PhpCsFixer. This was applied through a rule 
    intended for use only on PHPUnit test classes, but it was applied to any and all classes ending with `Test`, even
    in `src`.
*   (improvement) PhpCsFixer will no longer replace PHPUnit `assertEquals` calls with `assertSame` , which works differently
    on objects.


13
==

*   (bug) Add missing defaults that have been changed with upgrade of PhpCsFixer to `v3.0.0` back to the previous config.
*   (bc) The previous released version `12` included a BC where the `.php_cs.dist` file has been renamed to `.php_cs.dist.php`,
    which we have missed during review. Please see `UPGRAE.md` for more information.


12
==

*   (improvement) Add support for PHP 8.x.
*   (improvement) Update PHPStan to `0.12.91` and PhpCsFixer to `v3.0.0`.


11
==

*   (improvement) Update PHPStan to `0.12.83` and PhpCsFixer to `v2.18.5`.


10
==

*   (improvement) Ignore `config/bundles.php` since it's auto-generated by Symfony/Flex and does not
    respect PHP's strict flag, which causes problems during the CI.


9
=

*   (improvement) Make PhpStan's cache directory more predictable. This also fixes errors in CI environments.


8
=

*   (improvement) Update PHPStan.
*   (improvement) Require all typed properties to be initialized.


7
=

*   (improvement) Don't fix `date_time_immutable`.
    It's important for older code bases + should be "fixed" by default in newer ones.


6
=

*   (improvement) Don't fix `phpdoc_to_comment`.


5
=

*   (improvement) Don't treat PHPDoc types as certain in PhpStan.


4
=

*   (improvement) Also include `vendor-bin`.


3.0.13
======

*   (improvement) Allow "obsolete" variables in PHP (as they are often used for type doc "casting").


3.0.12
======

*   (improvement) PHP-CS-Fixer: allow single line PHPDoc comments.


3.0.11
======

*   (improvement) update path to symfony container in PhpStan config.


3.0.10
======

*   (bug) Fix include path in Symfony preset for PhpStan


3.0.9
=====

*   (improvement) Extend ignore errors list in PhpStan with new doctrine namespaces


3.0.8
=====

*   (improvement) enable `inferPrivatePropertyTypeFromConstructor` in PhpStan


3.0.7
=====

*   (improvement) Disable the PHP-CS-Fixer `doctrine_annotation_braces` rule, as it has too many false-positives.


3.0.6
=====

*   (improvement) Drop default PHPStan level to `5`, otherwise we have a huge list of questionable results.


3.0.5
=====

*   (improvement) Bump default PHPStan level to `6`.


3.0.4
=====

*   (improvement) Bump to newest `PHPStan` version.


3.0.3
=====

*   Also ignore `vendor-bin` in PHPStan.


3.0.2
=====

*   Readded PHPStan + PHP-CS-Fixer.


3.0.1 (= 3.0.0)
===============

*   Remove bundled code.


2.0.3
=====

*   Disable `mb_str_functions` fixer.


2.0.2
=====

*   Disable the `method_chaining_indentation` fixer (as it "fixes" some unintended cases)


2.0.1
=====

*   Fixed testing classes to be `abstract` and not `final` anymore (thanks PHP-CS-Fixer...)


2.0.0
=====

*   Bumped dependencies.
*   Updated PHP-CS-Fixer with a lot of new rules.
*   Moved the config files to new directories
*   Correctly skip schema validation test, if there are no entities.
*   Simplified and removed PhpStan config.


1.6.2
=====

*   Adapted `BackendTranslatorVisitor` for the new `BackendTranslator::t()`.
*   Extract correct argument for `BackendTranslator`.


1.6.1
=====

*   Fix domain of extract translations from `LabeledEntityRemovalBlockedException` (it has to be `backend`).


1.6.0
=====

*   Improved supported symfony twig features by default, to easier test integration bundles.
*   Add way to register custom twig extensions in `NoMissingTranslationsTest`.
*   Fix variable access bug. 


1.5.0
=====

*   Added translation extractor for default messages in custom validation constraints.
*   Added translation extractor for custom object constructor call parameters.


1.4.0
=====

*   Add `NoMissingTranslationsTest`.
*   The `SchemaValidationTest` will now print the violations in PHPUnit to ease debugability.


1.3.0
=====

*   Added `SchemaValidationTest`: a test helper to check that there are no mapping errors in doctrine annotations.


1.2.0
=====

*   Added a new `fix-ci` binary, to run all the scripts from the CI tools.


1.1.0
=====

*   Ignore `tests` directory.
*   Lint `src` for regular libraries.
